## Meeting Details

- **Date/Time:** December 21st, 2021 @ 05:00pm UTC / 12:00pm ET / 9:00 AM PT
- **Location:** [Discord SIG-Network Voice Room](https://discord.gg/62nq7HP5mP)
- **Moderator:** Pip Potter (lmbr-pip)
- **Note Taker** Pip Potter (lmbr-pip)

[Agenda Issue](https://github.com/o3de/sig-network/issues/31)

## SIG Updates

Will be moving Networking backlog into public GitHub issues in early 2022
- Aim to start with backlog of known bugs
- Afterwards, aim is to get major work onto O3DE public roadmap so contributors can see areas of contribution for SIG


### Networking
* Fixing for [MultiplayerSample](https://github.com/o3de/o3de-multiplayersample) related to shooting and aiming.
* Some performance changes
* Testing changes: added testing changes as part of AutomatedReview
- Authority to client RPCs may have a bug


### CloudServices
* AWS C++ SDK update is almost completed, final PRs getting pushed
* Publishing [client/sever split RFC](https://github.com/o3de/sig-network/issues/32) to improve server builds

## Meeting Agenda
* Recognize new SIG chairs
* Review action items from last time

## Outcomes from Discussion topics
* New SIG chair(s) Pip (lmbr-pip) and Karl (kberg) recognized by SIG

## Action Items
Carried from previous meeting(s):
* O3DE Marketing would like screenshots of MPS running on mobile (@lmbr-pip)
* Requests for blog posts around networking items: Entity Hierarchies, input scripting
  * @lmbr-pip to cut issues to highlight networking updates

No new action items

## Open Discussion Items

* No open discussion items