## Meeting Details

- **Date/Time:** [March 29th, 2022 @ 05:00pm UTC / 12:00pm ET / 9:00 AM PT](https://lists.o3de.org/g/o3de-calendar/viewevent?repeatid=39350&eventid=1264398&calstart=2022-03-29)
- **Location:** [Discord SIG-Network Voice Room](https://discord.gg/62nq7HP5mP)
- **Moderator:** Pip Potter (lmbr-pip)
- **Note Taker** Gene Walters (AMZN-Gene)

[Agenda Issue](https://github.com/o3de/sig-network/issues/49)

## SIG Updates

**What happened since the last meeting?**

### General SIG announcements
* SIG needs to complete [feature matrix](https://github.com/o3de/community/tree/main/features)
    * lmbr-pip will create a PR to push the updates from last week's meeting. 
    * There was a slight adjustment to the rubric so networking sig will need to adjust accordingly.
      * PR to be reviewed SIG-network prior to submission
* Kudos for all the community support for users in Discord.

* "Introduction to Multiplayer" in O3DE talk coming up 03/31: https://discord.gg/XSGzGNfa?event=955927475022614528

### Networking
* Work continues to port LuaIDE from Gridhub (legacy Lumberyard network layer) to AzNetworking
    * Once work is completed Gridmate, Gridhub layer will be removed.
* Update to RPC code

### Cloud Services
* Continue to patch (OpenSSLL 1.1.1l -> 1.1.1m)
    * Some issues with Android testing, work is almost complete


 
## Meeting Agenda
None proposed

## Outcomes from Discussion topics

## Action Items
Carried from [previous meeting](https://github.com/o3de/sig-network/blob/main/meetings/notes/sig-meeting-20220301.md):
* _Updated_: O3DE Marketing would like screenshots of MPS running on mobile (@lmbr-pip)
     * lmbr-pip reached out to marketing and ask is still valid, Junbo75 will deliver
* _No Update_: Need to remove blockers to public roadmap updates for SIG-Network: ETA April 2022
     * Still working with roadmap owners to get items on roadmap. Delayed by change of ownership.
* _In Progress_: SIG completes feature matrix and provides requested dependency graphs: ETA March 21st
	*  lmbr-pip to push initial PR from working group (ETA 04/04), will review with SIG

## Open Discussion Items
None proposed
