## Meeting Details

- **Date/Time:** [March 15th, 2022 @ 05:00pm UTC / 12:00pm ET / 9:00 AM PT](https://lists.o3de.org/g/o3de-calendar/viewevent?repeatid=39350&eventid=1264398&calstart=2022-03-15)
- **Location:** [Discord SIG-Network Voice Room](https://discord.gg/62nq7HP5mP)
- **Moderator:** Pip Potter (lmbr-pip)
- **Note Taker** Pip Potter (lmbr-pip)

[Agenda Issue](https://github.com/o3de/sig-network/issues/)

## SIG Updates

**What happened since the last meeting?**

### General SIG announcements
* SIG needs to complete [feature matrix](https://github.com/o3de/community/tree/main/features)
     * SIG WG on March 18th to generate PR
     * PR to be reviewed SIG-network prior to submission
* Kudos for all the community support for users in Discord.

### Networking
* Updates to automate testing, renenable Linux editor testing
* Cleanup around ctrl+g experience, new cvar to hide server launcher in headless mode
* Seeing changes to editor ticking that have helped
* iOS Cmake fixes

### Cloud Services
* Helping to patch (OpenSSLL 1.1.1l -> 1.1.1m)[]
    * Digging through specific issues around QT and PySide usage of OpenSSL.
 
## Meeting Agenda
None proposed

## Outcomes from Discussion topics

## Action Items
Carried from [previous meeting](https://github.com/o3de/sig-network/blob/main/meetings/notes/sig-meeting-20220301.md):
* _Updated_: O3DE Marketing would like screenshots of MPS running on mobile (@lmbr-pip)
     * Waiting on clarification of marketing needs, focus and content strategy for O3DE. 
     * Asked testers to submit screenshots
* _Completed_: Migrate issue backlog fully to GitHub Issues: ETA now March 18th
     * Migrated most of the blocker and critical issues. Still have some for NetSoakTest to migrate.
* _No Update_: Need to remove blockers to public roadmap updates for SIG-Network: ETA March 30th
     * Still working with roadmap owners to get items on roadmap. Delayed by change of ownership.
* _IN PROGRESS_: SIG completes feature matrix and provides requested dependency graphs: ETA March 21st
	*  Expect to have initial PR by end of week (03/18)

## Open Discussion Items
None proposed
